This application respects and protects the personal privacy rights of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. But this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, this application will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service usage agreement, it is deemed that you have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service usage agreement.
1. Scope of application
(a) The personal registration information provided by you according to the requirements of this application when you register this application account;
(b) When you use the network services of this application or access the web pages of this application platform, this application automatically receives and records information from your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, and web page records required by you;
(c) This application obtains user personal data from business partners through legal means.
You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this privacy policy:
(a) The keyword information you enter when using the search services provided by this application platform;
(b) The information and data collected by this application regarding your publication on this application, including but not limited to participation in activities, transaction information, and evaluation details;
(c) Violation of legal regulations or rules of this application, and the measures taken by this application against you.
2. Information usage
(a) This application will not provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or unless the third party and this application (including its affiliated companies) provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, they will be prohibited from accessing all these materials, including those they have previously been able to access.
(b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell, or freely disseminate your personal information through any means. If any user of this application platform engages in the above activities, upon discovery, this application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with that user.
(c) For the purpose of serving users, this application may provide you with information that interests you by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with our application partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
3. Information Disclosure
In the following circumstances, this application will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal wishes or legal regulations:
(a) Disclosure to third parties with your prior consent;
(b) To provide the products and services you require, it is necessary to share your personal information with third parties;
(c) According to relevant provisions of the law or requirements of administrative or judicial institutions, disclose to third parties or administrative or judicial institutions;
(d) If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations, or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose them to a third party;
(e) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at their request in order for both parties to resolve potential rights disputes;
(f) In a transaction created on this application platform, if either party fulfills or partially fulfills the transaction obligations and requests information disclosure, this application has the right to decide to provide necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to the transaction to the user, in order to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of disputes.
(g) Other disclosures deemed appropriate by this application in accordance with laws, regulations, or website policies.
4. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials collected by this application regarding you will be stored on the servers of this application and/or its affiliated companies. These information and materials may be transmitted to your country, region, or the place where this application collects information and materials, and accessed, stored, and displayed overseas.
5. Use of Cookies
(a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this application will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of this application platform that rely on cookies. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services.
(b) You have the right to choose to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying browser settings. But if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the network services or features of this application that rely on cookies.
(c) The relevant information obtained through the cookies set up in this application will be governed by this policy.
6. Information Security
(a) This application account has security protection functions. Please keep your username and password information safe. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, abused, or altered through security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no "comprehensive security measures" on the information network.
(b) When using this application's network services for online transactions, it is inevitable that you will have to contact the counterparty or potential transaction partners
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
(a) If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our company website, and where we deem appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
(b) Our company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. If there are significant changes to this policy, our company will notify you through a website notification.
To prevent disclosure of personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to third parties. Please protect your personal information properly and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially the username and password of this application, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take corresponding measures.